caf: power_manager: Enable power manager by default in modules (#5698)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

The following changes are relevant for all device families.

Common Application Framework (CAF)
----------------------------------

> * Enable power management in modules by default if only kconfig option :kconfig:`CAF_PM_EVENTS` is enabled.

Reviewer: @greg-fer , do techwriters review it now or at release?

Reviewer 2: Now, to have a faster turnaround around the release.

> * Enable power management in modules by default if only kconfig option :kconfig:`CAF_PM_EVENTS` is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Updated:

* The power management support in modules is now enabled by default when the :kconfig:`CONFIG_CAF_PM_EVENTS` Kconfig option is enabled.
```
